- MCGRATH: According to our intel, the Republic of Karzistan
has discovered the existence of the Infra World.
Found a rift. Conducting experiment
from a super base...
Located in the province of ###.
- NATHAN: We don't know what stays there
and their experiments.
But we've detected ### fluctuation
within the Infra World.
That means they found a way
to interact with the other souls.
- MCGRATH: Now your mission is to destroy
the condenser and any advanced technology you find.
- JODIE: Even if we managed
to destroy the condenser the rift will still be there.
- MCGRATH: Building a condenser is a costly
and time-consuming business.
But this operation will gain time
to better understand the Infra World.
And make sure that no one
tries to use it against us.
- JODIE: I assume the site
will be heavily guarded.
- MCGRATH: Well, you should expect
considerable amount of military resistance.
Team will...
- JODIE: "Team"?
- NATHAN: Show them in, Maler.
(ELECTRIC DOOR OPENS)
- ???: Hey baby!
- NICK: Good to see you, girl!
- MCGRATH: Clayton ### go with you.
A small, agile, commando unit able to avoid detection.
The mission begins in two days.
Good luck.
(ELECTRIC DOOR OPENS)
- NATHAN: Be careful, Jodie.
No one knows what you're gonna find
on the other side.
- JODIE: Don't worry.
I don't think I'm ready
to join the Infra World yet.
- NATHAN: Good.
Because I don't want to lose you.
- RYAN: It's good to see you.
- JODIE: For the mission's sake...
I'll try to keep Aiden from killing you.
But no promises.
- RYAN: Well...
We're off to a great start.
- ???: ###.
If you refuse to cooperate,
I will have no choice but to kill you.
Of course, I will kill you, regardless.
But it could've been fast and painless.
Instead it will be a very... very slow...
An agonizing death.
So I'll ask you one last time.
Who do you work for?
- JODIE: Aiden...
Where are you?
- NICK: It's completely deserted!
- RYAN: You sure it's here?
- ???: We're right on top of the coordinates.
- NICK: The storm's getting worse.
What do we do now?
- RYAN: Hey Jodie, ask Aiden
to find a shelter somewhere.
- JODIE: You hear that Aiden?
There's a house over there.
- RYAN: Got it.
Let's go.
- ???: Shit! It's fucking freezing!
- NICK: What do we do in here?
It's just a goddamn fishing village!
- ???: Our informer duped us.
That's what happened.
We better get moving before they...
had to dig our frozen dead arses outta here.
- NICK: Three days... Walking on ice...
Eating snow... FOR NOTHING!
Fuck!
... the arseholes that sent us here.
- RYAN: Hey! And I'm sick and tired
of hearing you complaining!
That's all you have to say
so shut the fuck up!
- JODIE: You guys, I'm freezing.
You think maybe we could
build a fire first and argue later?
- RYAN: She's right.
Let's set up camp here
until the storm blown over.
I'll contact HQ instructions.
- JODIE: Did you get the connection?
- RYAN: No, it's gonna take some time with the storm.
- ???: Focus... Everything's wet!
- NICK: Lemme try.
- RYAN: You're still angry with me, huh?
- NICK: Damn! All the stuff is soaking!
- RYAN: Okay.
It probably won't make you
change your mind, but...
- ???: ###
I regret what happened.
- JODIE: You're right.
It doesn't make me change my mind.
- ???: You're fucking genius!
- NICK: Give me five ###.
Did you see that, Jodie?
- JODIE: Yeah... yeah, great work, guys.
(BEEPING NOISES)
I'm gonna go out.
I'm desparate for a pee.
- RYAN: Don't go too far, okay?
- JODIE: It's -40.
I don't plan on doing any sightseeing.
(WIND BLOWING)
Alright, there.
Fuck!
Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck! It's freezing!
(VEHICLES PASSING BY)
They're here. I saw them.
- RYAN: Where?
- JODIE: On the main road.
Like a convoy... they drove right by me.
- RYAN: Did they see you?
- JODIE: No... no I don't think so.
- RYAN: Let's roll.
Let's follow them.
Bingo!
- JODIE: Aiden, go see what's inside.
(ELECTRIC DOOR CLOSING)
(HISSING NOISE)
(SUBMARINE DIVES)
(SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
Soldiers.
They're loading crates into...
...into submarines.
- RYAN: Submarines?
That means the rift is...
- JODIE: It's underwater.
They must have a base down there
and they're using subs to shelf out supplies.
- RYAN: How many soldiers?
- JODIE: I can see three.
- RYAN: Tell Aiden to take them out.
- JODIE: Aiden...
Get rid of them.
(GUNSHOT)
(SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
(BODY THUDS)
(BUTTON CLICKS)
(SHUTTER ROLLS)
(GUNSHOT)
- JODIE: (GROANS)
Fuck! Nick!
- NICK: Sorry!
- JODIE: (SCOFFS)
You could give me some warning!
- NICK: So, what do we do now?
- RYAN: Just give me a second, okay?
- JODIE: I've piloted a sub like this
in the CIA simulator.
Maybe we can use it.
- RYAN: Yeah, sure. Let's use their sub.
They won't notice anything.
I'm looking for a plan.
Not a way to commit suicide.
(ZIPPING NOISE)
Wh-What exactly are you doing?
- JODIE: I'm finding a solution to the problem.
- RYAN: Nice idea,
but it won't fool them very long.
- JODIE: Yeah, well...
Maybe not.
But that fucking rift is not gonna
shut down by itself, is it?
- RYAN: Okay...
That might work from a distance. Then what?
- JODIE: We take the sub down to their base.
Then we'll take it from there.
- RYAN: I'll go with her.
- NICK: What about us?
- RYAN: ###.
You stay here, you find us a way out.
By the time we get back, there's a good chance
we're gonna have to move fast.
- NICK: What?
- RYAN: That's an order, Nick!
Give me explosives.
(MACHINE BEEPING)
(ENGINE STARTS)
You do realise we might not
make it back alive, right?
- JODIE: Yeah.
Yeah, I've done that from the start.
(SUBMARINE DIVING)
- RYAN: Keep diving.
The base shouldn't be far.
- JODIE: Visibility's bad.
It's hard to get ###
- RYAN: There. You see those lights?
(SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE
VIA RADIO)
Uh... I hope that wasn't a question.
- ???: I am impressed.
###
Perhaps... you will be more sensitive
to your comrade's begging.
(KNIFE'S TAKEN OUT)
My questions are simple.
I want to know your name.
Who you work for?
And how you learn the existence of this base?
Of course, you'll still have to tell me
what happens when you cross the containment field.
- RYAN: You say nothing, you hear me?
- JODIE: My name is Holmes.
- RYAN: Jodie, no...
- JODIE: Jodie Holmes.
Agent 894732
I work with the CIA
- ???: So the CIA is well aware of our experiment?
And what about the entity
that was trapped in our containment field?
- RYAN: (GROANS)
- JODIE: He's tied with me.
I was born with him.
- ???: Fascinating.
The Americans are also
discovered the existence of this...
...phenomenon.
I must inform my superior.
I will return soon to continue our...
...conversation.
(ELECTRIC DOOR OPENS)
- JODIE: I'm sorry, Ryan.
- RYAN: Now what?
- JODIE: We find the condenser
and destroy it and get out.
- RYAN: And any idea how you plan to do that?
- JODIE: No.
But I'll figure something out.
(SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
- RYAN: Jodie, don't get too close to them.
- JODIE: We can't just wait here.
Come on.
- RYAN: What? But it...
- JODIE: Shut up and follow me.
- RYAN: Christ, it worked.
- JODIE: And now find the condenser
before they realise something's up.
- RYAN: The door over there...
That must be the way.
- JODIE: The condenser's close.
I'm feeling echoes coming from the rift.
- RYAN: This is too easy, I don't like it.
- JODIE: (GROANS)
- RYAN: Jodie! Jodie, what's happening?
- ???: Get off! ###
(SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
- Jodie: Aiden, I need you!
(SOLDIERS SNORING)
(GUNSHOTS)
(DISTANT GUNSHOTS)
Aiden?
Aiden, you're back!
(INDISTINCT SCREAMINGS)
Hurry.
Find me.
Aiden...
You made it!
Quick...
Get me outta here.
Are you okay?
- RYAN: You really wanna know?
- JODIE: Oh, come on.
Can you walk?
- RYAN: ###
- JODIE: Go back to the subs and wait for me.
If I'm not back in 15 minutes just go without me.
- RYAN: Are you crazy?
Jodie, we're done and the base's destroyed.
Let's get outta here while we still can.
- JODIE: The rift's wide open.
Entities are just gonna
come pouring out if we don't close it.
- RYAN: It's too late Jodie.
We gotta go now.
- JODIE: It's our only way.
You knew that.
The explosives.
I need the explosives
in the interrogation room.
Crap.
(AIR HISSING)
Shit, I'm really scared, Aiden.
Stay close, okay?
It's pitch black.
There's gotta be a light on this thing.
Keep calm, Aiden.
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
Alright, three minutes. I'm outta here.
(ENTITY GROWLING)
(INTENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
Fuck... fuck... I'm losing air.
- ???: You're going to die here with me, bitch!
### the world I've ever known.
Destroyed, because of you, stupid American bitch!
Yes, I'm win! All for nothing!
I'll make you pay...
for what you've done!
- JODIE: (GASPS FOR AIR)
(CHAIN CLANGING)
- ???: (MANIAC LAUGHING)
(ENTITY GROWLING)
(MANIAC LAUGHING)
See you...
...on the other side.
(MANIAC LAUGHING)
- JODIE: Dammit, Ryan!
Where the fuck are you?
- RYAN: You didn't think
I'd let you down, huh?
(MUFFLED EXPLOSION SOUND)
The fuck happening?
(ENGINE SHUTS DOWN)
- JODIE: The shockwave killed the boosters.
- RYAN: The hole's breached.
We're gonna drown.
- JODIE: We're not far from the surface.
Maybe we can make it to the top alive.
- RYAN: Yeah. Sounds like a fucking good plan.
(BOTH PANTING)
- JODIE: Fuck me...
Fuck I hate the cold.
- RYAN: Still angry with me?
- JODIE: Yeah, of course, I am.
- RYAN: Sorry I behaved like a ### idiot.
- JODIE: Yeah.
- RYAN: You know,
I never tried to tell you this, but...
I love you, Jodie.
- JODIE: I'm too tired for this shit.
- RYAN: But... Wanted you to know
just in case we die here.
- JODIE: Right.
- RYAN: So how about you?
- JODIE: Huh?
- RYAN: Do you ### me too?
- JODIE: I thought...
...for a moment, but...
No, I don't.
Sorry.
- RYAN: I've never seen anyone so... ###
- NICK: There! It's them!